OSDOCS-16995:Azure install UPI CQA (#114544)
openshift/openshift-docs: installing/installing_azure/upi/installing-azure-user-infra.adoc

toc::[]

[role="_abstract"]
To install {product-title} on Microsoft Azure with infrastructure that you provide, you can use Azure Resource Manager (ARM) templates to create required resources and complete the user-provisioned installation.

> Several ARM templates are provided to assist in completing these steps or to help model your own. See the "Azure Resource Manager templates overview" link in Additional resources.

Reviewer: I'm not sure that this is against the guidelines to reference the AR section, and maybe it's a helpful hint, but usually I prefer a more simple phrasing like this:

```suggestion
Several ARM templates are provided to assist in completing these steps or to help model your own. For more information, see "Azure Resource Manager templates overview".
```

Reviewer: If you agree with this change and it wouldn't be too much work, please apply similar changes to wherever else it is applicable in this PR

Author: Yeah I don't know why I did [this](https://github.com/openshift/openshift-docs/blob/main/contributing_to_docs/doc_guidelines.adoc#anchoring-prerequisites-additional-resources-and-next-steps-titles-in-assemblies:~:text=Do%20not%20state%20%22in%20the%20Additional%20resources%20section%22%20or%20other%20variants.). It is wrong, Seb.

> == Prerequisites

Reviewer: Many of these install docs have assembly level prereqs sections and while your link removals here are nice and clean, here is what I think you should do instead:

1. Modularize this prereqs section because it shouldn't be in the assembly body anymore, anyways. For an example of what that looks like and how you can phrase the intro, see [this module](https://github.com/openshift/openshift-docs/blob/main/modules/installing-ocp-agent-prereqs.adoc?plain=1) that I wrote (at least lines 9-17, you don't need to worry about the conditional madness in there).
2. Make sure the links you remove are placed in a module level additional resources section underneath this new module

This PR is already kind of brutally large, and a re-review would be a bit of a pain, so I would recommend maybe saving this modularization for its own PR. In this PR, however, just move these links to a module level AR section under line 32 so we don't forget about these links

include::modules/installation-azure-network-config.adoc[leveloffset=+2]

[role="_additional-resources"]
.Additional resources

> * xref:installation-azure-create-dns-zones_{context}[Example for creating DNS zones]

Reviewer: I've never seen an xref point directly to another anchor on the same page before lol, that's cool and since it previously existed maybe let's just keep this as-is and hope it doesn't break during the migration 🤞

Author: Yeah this one was a new on for me too. 😄

.Additional resources

* xref:../../../scalability_and_performance/optimization/optimizing-storage.adoc#optimizing-storage[Optimizing storage]

> * link:https://access.redhat.com/documentation/en-us/red_hat_enterprise_linux/9/html-single/9.2_release_notes/index#architectures[Architectures ({op-system-base} documentation)]

Reviewer: I would pull this link out, I actually added an additional resources section _within_ the module to remove the concept links. 

Which I see now is incorrect, because every instance where this module is included already has an additional resource section underneath the module include, but that is something I will have to fix in a separate PR 🤦‍♂️

include::modules/installation-azure-create-resource-group-and-identity.adoc[leveloffset=+1]

[role="_additional-resources"]
.Additional resources

> * link:https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/azure/azure-resource-manager/management/overview#resource-groups[Azure resource groups]

Reviewer: Since this is an external doc link, add the parentheses about where it's leading to:

```suggestion
* link:https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/azure/azure-resource-manager/management/overview#resource-groups[Azure resource groups (Azure documentation)]
```

include::modules/cluster-telemetry.adoc[leveloffset=+1]

[id="additional-resources_{context}"]

> [role="_additional-resources"]

Reviewer: Not sure if it causes an issue, but I think the ID should be directly above the heading? Maybe not if there's no vale comment here, but would just play it safe:

```suggestion
[role="_additional-resources"]
[id="additional-resources_{context}"]
```

That said, if all these new links are from the prereqs section, and you'll be moving those back up anyways, then it might make sense to revert this one link back to the module-level AR section

Author: I left this as is because of moving the others into a module level AR that will take the exception.
